# Node RPG

A novice developer's attempt at making a RPG in the console/terminal. My first "real" Javascript project. In order to play this game, it has a few requirements to get started. First, You'll need to have "node" installed on your computer. For most devs, I'm sure this isn't a problem, but for people that don't dabble a whole lot with computers, you'll need to have it installed.

For my Mac users out there, use [This Link](https://nodejs.org/en/) and click on one of the two buttons, under the text that reads, "Download for macOS(x64)" to install "Node.js" for mac. Don't worry, Windows users, I haven't forgot about you. For all of the people on Windows, use [This Link](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and click on the big green button that reads "Windows Installer" with the Windows logo right above it to install "Node.js" for windows.

After you have gone through all of the installation steps, such as putting in your Admin password, open up your terminal. To open up terminal on mac, just simply navigate your pointer over to the top right of your screen and you'll see a little magnifying glass. Click that and search for terminal by typing, "terminal" into the search spotlight. Once you have done that, open it up and wait for it to allow you to start typing and then type in the command ( node -v ) without the parentheses, of course, the press enter. If a number shows up just below the command you typed in shows up(i.e "v12.15.0"), node.js is installed and youre all set. Repeat the same process again by typing ( npm -v ) without the parentheses, of course, then press enter.

Again, if a number shows up(i.e 6.13.4), npm(Node Package Manager) is installed and you're all good to move on to the next step. That number is just your current version of node or npm that basically confirms wether you have it or not. For my Windows users, I'm not currently using a Windows computer so I'll try my best and walk you through the steps. Once you've finished installing node.js, type "cmd" in the search box, then press Enter to open the highlighted Command Prompt shortcut. To open the session as an administrator, press Alt+Shift+Enter.
